# IYFEngine system assets

This folder and its subfolders store important system assets that the IYFEngine and its various subsystems cannot function without (e.g., base configuration files, common translation strings, assets that are used when a user imported asset is missing, UI shaders, etc.).

## Subfolders
###raw
This folder contains all files that need to be packed as system assets. The contents of this folder **are tracked by git**. When adding new files to this folder, make sure to adhere to these rules:

  * Make sure that the asset you're adding is really fit to be a system asset. System assets are **mandatory**. If the asset is merely useful for multiple games, it does not qualify (make an asset pack instead). If the asset is **required** by an internal subsystem, it does. This applies even if the subsystem is optional and may not be used by most games.
  * Since the folder is tracked by git, if possible, you should use text based formats instead of binary ones.
  * To avoid quality degradation, please use lossless formats for texture, sound and similar assets.
  * Avoid renaming existing assets. If you do, update all C++ and Lua constants that refer to the renamed file.
  * Only use asset formats that are supported by the importers.
###platforms
The contents of this folder are generated by the **IYFSystemAssetPacker** tool. The generated files **are excluded from git** (except for the *keepfolder* file). The files are excluded because there is no reason to store multiple easily re-creatable binary blobs in git.
## Files
###ProjectBaseConfig.lua
Contains default configuration values used by game projects.
###EngineBaseConfig.lua
Contains default configuration values used by the engine and by the editor.
## Packing assets
Files can be packed into platform specific system asset packages by running the **IYFSystemAssetPacker** tool. 

Assuming you followed the build instructions and built the engine in the *build* subfolder, simply run the **IYFSystemAssetPacker** executable and it will automatically mount this folder as the root of the virtual filesystem. Next, it will clear all existing system asset packages from the *platforms* folder. Finally, the tool will recreate the system asset packages from scratch.

After the **IYFSystemAssetPacker** completes its work, the contents of the *platforms* folder will look something like this:

   *keepfolder*  
   *Linux_Desktop_x86_64/systemAssets.iyfpak*  
   *Windows_Desktop_x86_64/systemAssets.iyfpak*  
   *...*
